Add every unreserved object in an automated way (#805)
zeldaret/oot: docs/tutorial/object_decomp.md

Choose an object to decomp. As usual, some will be easier than others. For reasons explained shortly, it is much easier to decomp an object if all actors that use it are decompiled.

### Files and folders

Select the XML file of your selected object, which should be in `assets/xml/objects/object_name.xml`.

The ZAPD output will go in the folder `assets/objects/object_name/`. You'll want this folder open later to check the output is correct.

### Examining actor files

Most objects are used by at least one actor. For those used by an actor, we can use the script `tools/xmlcreate.py` on the actor to separate all the blobs of data in the object that we already know about. (While it is possible to do this manually, it is much simpler to run the script first and sort it out afterwards, since it won't miss anything accidentally.)

> Many objects were added in an automated way, so most parts of each object are already identified, but still need to name and document them them properly. Also, they usually have some unreferenced blobs by the object itself, most of the time those are referenced by the actor who uses said object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many objects have been added in an automated way, so most constituent parts of each object are already identified, but will still need to be named and documented properly. Also, these objects usually have some blobs unreferenced by the object's own contents and hence not automatically extracted; most of the time these can be identified by looking at references in the actor which uses said object.
```
